Last part is just,
where do we go from here guys?
Beyond just this,
it's just more of the same really,
at this point, it's just more of the same.
Once you get to everything
I just showed you today,
it's more evals, more metrics,
more prompt engineering,
better RAG,
you have the more framework level.
Right now we have one agent, you might
split these off into many agents,
to something called like a swarm, which,
I keep thinking I'm in a browser.
Lemme go here, open AI swarm,
it's an educational framework,
it's written in Python, but
it's actually pretty easy to understand.
Essentially, you have one agent whose job
is to orchestrate all the other agents and
each agent is assigned a set of functions
in which they are only bound to,
and it's called a swarm.
This is really good, this is something
you can use and it's actually so
easy to follow if you look at it, but
there's tons of things like this.
Yeah, it's mostly just more of that,
right,
if there's only one thing you ever learned
from this course today, it's evals matter.
You have to do them, they shouldn't
be treated like unit tests or
testing your other code.
You actually can't build
good products with an AI,
without evals, they literally can't do it.
In fact, one of the creators of GPT, Greg
Brockman, one of the co founders open AI,
tweeted this out December 9,
2023 evals are surprisingly all you need.
[LAUGH] Surprisingly, really,
if you just had some good evals,
you the difference between you
having a product that's great and
a product that only that nobody can use.
So I cannot emphasize how
important evals are, so
please spend time on evals if you
are planning on ever having users.
It should not be an afterthought,
it's not like testing,
it is part of the product,
it is part of it.
Talked about advanced rack
techniques in a little bit but
like hybrid search, so we got rid of that.
That was basically like the filtering,
so being able to do like the metadata
filtering plus the vector searching,
that improves search results so much.
But it also exponentiates the complexity
of how you need to test it, I haven't
found a good way to test it yet, but when
it works, it's great, it is really good.
I think it's hard for a chat app, I think
it's so much easier when the filtering
can be selected by a GUI, where you
have a search bar and a dropdown,
you can do like facet based filtering.
Then it's like you get the best of both
worlds, you get to pick the filters and
you get to do the search.
And it's great every time,
but trying to figure out filters
from someone's chat message.
It's usually always too strong or
not strong enough,
it's just not good enough to actually
filter on, so it's really hard.
So I haven't found a good way for that,
but hybrid search is really great,
highly recommend doing that.
In fact, if you're gonna do RAG,
you should always do hybrid
to some degree in my opinion.
Unless it's just like,
you're chatting with a PDF,
if you're chatting with
multiple pieces of data and
not just like one corpus
of data that's chunked up.
But actual for instance, songs,
movies, emails, things like that,
you probably wanna do metadata filtering,
hybrid search.
But if you're like, I just trunked up this
one gigabyte PDF, and I just wanna chat
with it, you probably don't need metadata
filtering, what are you gonna filter on?
>> Student: It's already filtered for you.
>> Scott Moss: Right, exactly,
so context processing,
I talked a little bit about this
with the example with Anthropic.
Contextual retrieval,
different things like that,
these are all just terms that I
put here that you can go Google.
I was like, I'm just gonna give them
a bunch of terms that they can type into
Google and go search themselves or
ask the AI about.
Because I looked at my notes
over the last six months, and
these are all the things that I have been
researching and implementing and testing.
So I put them here for
people to go look up, they're all insane,
here are some of my favorite
white papers that I read on RAG.
So self-RAG, context-faithful prompting,
hypothetical document embeddings,
RAG-Fusion, there's so
many more you can go check them out.
White papers are just like, if you don't
know what those are scientific papers that
scientists release when they come up
with some new approach to something.
So you check that out, Fine-Tuning,
there's just no way we're
ever gonna do fine tuning.
Let's just real, you're gonna spend 20
bucks, we're gonna be here all day and
we don't have enough.
Data but again Fine-Tuning is like you
got on a plane you took an uber and
then you hopped on a lime scooter.
That's the Fine-Tuning it's
the last mile of tuning and
it's mostly good for changing
the output of the LLM to make it sound.
Like something else, or look like
something else, or, in the case of OpenAI,
structured output things like that.
So if you wanna change the format of how
something is outputted, not because you
need it to be a certain format,
because it might actually save you money.
So let's say you're using GPT4, and it's
actually really good at what it's doing,
but there's a lot of fluff words in there.
Those are a lot of tokens that you're
being charged on, so you can fine tune it,
to not add those fluff words and
still get like good accuracy.
And using the fine tune model, depending
on which model you use is usually cheaper
than using the non fine tune model.
So what people do is eventually as
they get off of like a GPT model,
they go to something like Llama.
Or something that's like really big and
open source and they'll fine-tune it for
their specific use case and it's fractions
cheaper than what open AI is offering.
Plus they can put it on
their own infrastructure or
their own cloud infrastructure.
And they have no limits other than
whatever access to GPUs that they have, so
that's typically the strategy
you'll see people do.
>> Student: So if you wanted to
add domain knowledge to a model,
you wouldn't do fine tuning for that?
>> Scott Moss: No, yeah,
fine tune is not for
adding domain knowledge that the model
is already tuned, It's like you would
have to make a custom foundational
model from scratch, and anything.
Yeah, good luck,
you got a couple 100 million couple Right.
So yeah, not domain knowledge,
it's just like tuning the output at
those layers that control the domain
out have already been tuned, and
the fine tuning don't touch those layers.
It's like touching the last bit of
layers on the end of the neural net, and
not the hidden layers which is what
you would probably need for that.
So no, those weights and balances
are already set, so yeah, it's mostly for
output-related things, like how it looks,
the shape of it, the tone.
But yeah, not the knowledge, knowledge
is RAG, you've got to use RAG for
that, unless you use some crazy
model that has a huge token limit.
And then again, you have of
the problem of needle in the middle,
the haystack can't find information there.
You still spend a lot of money on tokens,
you're setting up your whole corpus of
data, so RAG is the answer for that.
Yeah, talk about generated UI,
Schema-Driven UI generation,
we talked about this.
You can literally teach this thing how to
do grids, flex, boxes, whatever you want,
have it generated for you, so
just think of the possibilities go crazy.
Here's an example of using different
interactions with different triggers and
components and different layouts.
And you can feed this to the to the UI or
to the AI, and
then the AI might have
a system prompt of build.
The appropriate UI, depending on
the answer that you wanna give,
given these things, and send back
an array of that, and it'll do it, and
then you just render it,
you loop over, and you render it.